# AutoHit Manager
Hollow Knight AutoHitter Count manager mod

### Starting
- This mod has to be ran before being correctly used, will generate a folder in [My Documents] named "AutoHit", where it will put every needed file to be used.
#### Files
1. settings.json
2. Design.html
3. javascript.js
4. style.css
5. fotf.png
##### Generated files
1. run_data.html

### settings
- all the settings will be found in [My Documents]/AutoHit/.
- settings.json has variables to custom your way into the AutoHitMod (in a simple way by the moment).
1. "MaxVisibleSplits" manages the maximum amount of splits that may be visible in the widget at the same time.
2. "FuryTime": you may ignore this by the moment, deprecated (removed soon).
3. "splits" is the manager for your splits (this may be changed in a while), here you can place your split names as a quotation marked text, such as "Hornet".

### Design
- This is the OBS widget to be used with navigator source, you can customize it and make your own Design.html, just be carefull with the "id" attributes, t is for displaying info correctly.

### javascript
- preferably don't move this file, it manages the full behaviour of your widget and you may break something by accident.

### style
- as well as Design.html, you can modify this file with total freedom, you may use at least the defined classes, but you can change everything in it.

### fotf
- this is just the Fury of The Fallen image to anounce your "Fury of the fallen!" damage in the widget

### run_data
- this file is totally generated by the mod, don't update nor modiufy this file.

### controls
- F1: Previous split
- F2: Next split
- F3: Mark last run as PB (you may need to end the run and go back to mark it). 
- All this controls can be changed in "AutoHitMod.GlobalSettings.json" found in your Hollow knight saves folder
